#A brief and plain commentary with notes, not more useful than seasonable, upon the whole prophecie of Malachy delivered, sermon-wise, divers years since at Pitmister in Summerset / by William Sclater ... ; now published by his son William Sclater ...#

##Sclater, William, 1609-1661.##
A brief and plain commentary with notes, not more useful than seasonable, upon the whole prophecie of Malachy delivered, sermon-wise, divers years since at Pitmister in Summerset / by William Sclater ... ; now published by his son William Sclater ...
Sclater, William, 1609-1661.

##General Summary##

**Links**

[TCP catalogue](http://www.ota.ox.ac.uk/tcp/)  • 
[HTML](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-HTML/free/A62/A62374.html)  • 
[EPUB](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-EPUB/free/A62/A62374.epub) • 
[Page images (Historical Texts)](https://historicaltexts.jisc.ac.uk/eebo-13036277e)

**Availability**

To the extent possible under law, the Text Creation Partnership has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this keyboarded and encoded edition of the work described above, according to the terms of the CC0 1.0 Public Domain Dedication (http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/). This waiver does not extend to any page images or other supplementary files associated with this work, which may be protected by copyright or other license restrictions. Please go to https://www.textcreationpartnership.org/ for more information about the project.

**Major revisions**

1. __2011-05__ __TCP__ *Assigned for keying and markup*
1. __2011-05__ __SPi Global__ *Keyed and coded from ProQuest page images*
1. __2011-07__ __Lauren Proux__ *Sampled and proofread*
1. __2011-07__ __Lauren Proux__ *Text and markup reviewed and edited*
1. __2012-05__ __pfs__ *Batch review (QC) and XML conversion*

##Content Summary##

#####Front#####
A Brief, and Plain COMMENTARY, WITH NOTES: Not more uſeful, than ſeaſonable, upon the whole Propheci
1. TO THE RIGHT VVORSHIPFVL, Mr. HENRY WALROND of Bradfield, in the County of Devon, Eſquire, Grace, and Glory.

1. To all Chriſtian, and charitable Readers: but, with more ſpecialty, to my loving Countrymen, the Pariſhioners of Pitmiſter, in the County of Sommerſet, who yet ſurviving reſent with due reſpects the memory of their too ſoon deceaſed Paſtor, Doctor Sclater, the Author of this Book.
Imprimatur,Col. 2.6, 7.Edmond Calamy
1. A Catalogue of ſuch Books, or Sermons, as were publiſhed in the Life-time of this Authour.

1. Errata.

#####Body#####

1. A brief Commentary, with Notes, upon the Prophet Malachy.
CHAP. 1. VER. 1.The burden of the word of the Lord to Iſrael, by Malachy.FOr the Argument, it matterCHAP. 1. VER. 1.The burden of the word of the Lord to Iſrael, by Malachy.FOr the Argument, it matterVER. 2, 3.I have loved you, ſaith the Lord, yet ye ſay wherein haſt thou loved us? was not Eſau JacoVER. 3, 4, 5.And I hated Eſau, and laid his Mountaines and his Heritage waſte, for the Dragons of thVER. 6,7.A Son honoureth his Father, and a Servant his Maſter: If then I be a Father, where is mine VER. 8.And if ye offer the blind for ſacrifice, is it not evill? and if ye offer the Lame, and Sick,Ver. 9.And now, I pray you, beſeech God, that he will be gracious unto us: this hath been by your me〈1 page duplicate〉〈1 page duplicate〉VER. 10.Who is there even among you, that would ſhut the doores,VER. 11.For, from the riſing of the Sun, even unto the going down of the ſame, my name ſhall be greaVER. 12.But, ye have profaned it, in that ye ſay; The Table of the Lord is polluted, and the fruit tVER. 13.Ye ſaid alſo, behold, what a wearineſs is is, and ye have ſnuffed at it, ſaith the Lord of HVER. 14.But, Curſed be the deceiver, which hath in his flock, a male, and voweth, and ſacrificeth unCHAP. 2. VER. 1, 2, &c.And now, O ye Prieſts, this Commandement is for you: If ye will not heare, anVER. 4, 5.And ye ſhall know that I have ſent this Commandement unto you, that my covenant might be i〈1 page duplicate〉〈1 page duplicate〉VER. 6.The Law of truth was in his mouth, and iniquity was not fVER. 7.For the Prieſts lips ſhould keep knowledge, and, they ſhould ſeek the Law at his mouth; for, VER. 8.But ye are departed out of the way: ye have cauſed many to ſtumble at the Law: ye have corrupVER. 9.Therefore, have I alſo made you contemptible, and baſe before all the people, according as yeVER. 10.Have we not all one Father? Hath not one God created us? Why do we deal treacherouſly every VER. 11, 12.Iudah hath dealt treacherouſly, and an abomination is committed in Iſrael, and IeruſalemVER. 13.And this have ye done again, concerning the altar of the Lord with teares, with weeping, andVER. 14.Yet ye ſay, wherefore? Becauſe the Lord hath been witneſs between thee, and the wife of thy VER. 15.And did not he make one? yet had he the reſidue of the Spirit: and wherefore one? that he miVER. 16.For the Lord, the God of Iſrael ſaith, that he hateth putting away: for, one covereth violenVER. 17.Ye have wearied the Lord with your words: yet ye ſay, wherein have we wearied him? when ye ſCHAP. 3. VER. 1.Behold, I will ſend my meſſenger, and he ſhall prepare the way before me; and the LoVER. 5. 6.And, I will come neer to you to judgment, and I will be a ſwift witneſs againſt the ſorcerVER. 6, 7.For, I am the Lord, I change not; therefore, yee ſons of Jacob are not conſumed: Even formVER. 8, 9.Will a man rob God? Yet ye have robbed mee: But, ye ſay, wherein have we robbed thee? In TVER. 10.Bring ye all the Tythes into the ſtore-houſe, that there may be meat in mine houſe; and provVER. 11.And I will rebuke the devourer for your ſakes, &c.NOte we here, Obſerv.  by how many mean inVER. 13, 14, 15.Your words have been ſtout againſt me, ſaith the Lord: yet yee ſay, what have we ſpoVER. 16.Then they that feared the Lord, ſpake often one to another; and the Lord hearkned, and heardVER. 17.And, they ſhall be mine, ſaith the Lord of Hoſts, in that day, when I make up my Iewels; andVER. 18.Then ſhall ye return, and diſcern between the righteous, and the wicked: between him, that ſCHAP. 4. VER. 1, 2, 3.For, behold, the day commeth that ſhall burn as an oven, and all the proud, yeVER. 5, 6.Behold! I will ſend you Elijah the Prophet, before the coming of the great, and dreadful dCHAP. 2. VER. 1, 2, &c.And now, O ye Prieſts, this Commandement is for you: If ye will not heare, anCHAP. 1. VER. 1.The burden of the word of the Lord to Iſrael, by Malachy.FOr the Argument, it matterVER. 2, 3.I have loved you, ſaith the Lord, yet ye ſay wherein haſt thou loved us? was not Eſau JacoVER. 3, 4, 5.And I hated Eſau, and laid his Mountaines and his Heritage waſte, for the Dragons of thVER. 6,7.A Son honoureth his Father, and a Servant his Maſter: If then I be a Father, where is mine VER. 8.And if ye offer the blind for ſacrifice, is it not evill? and if ye offer the Lame, and Sick,Ver. 9.And now, I pray you, beſeech God, that he will be gracious unto us: this hath been by your me〈1 page duplicate〉〈1 page duplicate〉VER. 10.Who is there even among you, that would ſhut the doores,VER. 11.For, from the riſing of the Sun, even unto the going down of the ſame, my name ſhall be greaVER. 12.But, ye have profaned it, in that ye ſay; The Table of the Lord is polluted, and the fruit tVER. 13.Ye ſaid alſo, behold, what a wearineſs is is, and ye have ſnuffed at it, ſaith the Lord of HVER. 14.But, Curſed be the deceiver, which hath in his flock, a male, and voweth, and ſacrificeth unCHAP. 2. VER. 1, 2, &c.And now, O ye Prieſts, this Commandement is for you: If ye will not heare, anVER. 4, 5.And ye ſhall know that I have ſent this Commandement unto you, that my covenant might be i〈1 page duplicate〉〈1 page duplicate〉VER. 6.The Law of truth was in his mouth, and iniquity was not fVER. 7.For the Prieſts lips ſhould keep knowledge, and, they ſhould ſeek the Law at his mouth; for, VER. 8.But ye are departed out of the way: ye have cauſed many to ſtumble at the Law: ye have corrupVER. 9.Therefore, have I alſo made you contemptible, and baſe before all the people, according as yeVER. 10.Have we not all one Father? Hath not one God created us? Why do we deal treacherouſly every VER. 11, 12.Iudah hath dealt treacherouſly, and an abomination is committed in Iſrael, and IeruſalemVER. 13.And this have ye done again, concerning the altar of the Lord with teares, with weeping, andVER. 14.Yet ye ſay, wherefore? Becauſe the Lord hath been witneſs between thee, and the wife of thy VER. 15.And did not he make one? yet had he the reſidue of the Spirit: and wherefore one? that he miVER. 16.For the Lord, the God of Iſrael ſaith, that he hateth putting away: for, one covereth violenVER. 17.Ye have wearied the Lord with your words: yet ye ſay, wherein have we wearied him? when ye ſCHAP. 3. VER. 1.Behold, I will ſend my meſſenger, and he ſhall prepare the way before me; and the LoVER. 5. 6.And, I will come neer to you to judgment, and I will be a ſwift witneſs againſt the ſorcerVER. 6, 7.For, I am the Lord, I change not; therefore, yee ſons of Jacob are not conſumed: Even formVER. 8, 9.Will a man rob God? Yet ye have robbed mee: But, ye ſay, wherein have we robbed thee? In TVER. 10.Bring ye all the Tythes into the ſtore-houſe, that there may be meat in mine houſe; and provVER. 11.And I will rebuke the devourer for your ſakes, &c.NOte we here, Obſerv.  by how many mean inVER. 13, 14, 15.Your words have been ſtout againſt me, ſaith the Lord: yet yee ſay, what have we ſpoVER. 16.Then they that feared the Lord, ſpake often one to another; and the Lord hearkned, and heardVER. 17.And, they ſhall be mine, ſaith the Lord of Hoſts, in that day, when I make up my Iewels; andVER. 18.Then ſhall ye return, and diſcern between the righteous, and the wicked: between him, that ſCHAP. 4. VER. 1, 2, 3.For, behold, the day commeth that ſhall burn as an oven, and all the proud, yeVER. 5, 6.Behold! I will ſend you Elijah the Prophet, before the coming of the great, and dreadful dCHAP. 3. VER. 1.Behold, I will ſend my meſſenger, and he ſhall prepare the way before me; and the LoCHAP. 1. VER. 1.The burden of the word of the Lord to Iſrael, by Malachy.FOr the Argument, it matterVER. 2, 3.I have loved you, ſaith the Lord, yet ye ſay wherein haſt thou loved us? was not Eſau JacoVER. 3, 4, 5.And I hated Eſau, and laid his Mountaines and his Heritage waſte, for the Dragons of thVER. 6,7.A Son honoureth his Father, and a Servant his Maſter: If then I be a Father, where is mine VER. 8.And if ye offer the blind for ſacrifice, is it not evill? and if ye offer the Lame, and Sick,Ver. 9.And now, I pray you, beſeech God, that he will be gracious unto us: this hath been by your me〈1 page duplicate〉〈1 page duplicate〉VER. 10.Who is there even among you, that would ſhut the doores,VER. 11.For, from the riſing of the Sun, even unto the going down of the ſame, my name ſhall be greaVER. 12.But, ye have profaned it, in that ye ſay; The Table of the Lord is polluted, and the fruit tVER. 13.Ye ſaid alſo, behold, what a wearineſs is is, and ye have ſnuffed at it, ſaith the Lord of HVER. 14.But, Curſed be the deceiver, which hath in his flock, a male, and voweth, and ſacrificeth unCHAP. 2. VER. 1, 2, &c.And now, O ye Prieſts, this Commandement is for you: If ye will not heare, anVER. 4, 5.And ye ſhall know that I have ſent this Commandement unto you, that my covenant might be i〈1 page duplicate〉〈1 page duplicate〉VER. 6.The Law of truth was in his mouth, and iniquity was not fVER. 7.For the Prieſts lips ſhould keep knowledge, and, they ſhould ſeek the Law at his mouth; for, VER. 8.But ye are departed out of the way: ye have cauſed many to ſtumble at the Law: ye have corrupVER. 9.Therefore, have I alſo made you contemptible, and baſe before all the people, according as yeVER. 10.Have we not all one Father? Hath not one God created us? Why do we deal treacherouſly every VER. 11, 12.Iudah hath dealt treacherouſly, and an abomination is committed in Iſrael, and IeruſalemVER. 13.And this have ye done again, concerning the altar of the Lord with teares, with weeping, andVER. 14.Yet ye ſay, wherefore? Becauſe the Lord hath been witneſs between thee, and the wife of thy VER. 15.And did not he make one? yet had he the reſidue of the Spirit: and wherefore one? that he miVER. 16.For the Lord, the God of Iſrael ſaith, that he hateth putting away: for, one covereth violenVER. 17.Ye have wearied the Lord with your words: yet ye ſay, wherein have we wearied him? when ye ſCHAP. 3. VER. 1.Behold, I will ſend my meſſenger, and he ſhall prepare the way before me; and the LoVER. 5. 6.And, I will come neer to you to judgment, and I will be a ſwift witneſs againſt the ſorcerVER. 6, 7.For, I am the Lord, I change not; therefore, yee ſons of Jacob are not conſumed: Even formVER. 8, 9.Will a man rob God? Yet ye have robbed mee: But, ye ſay, wherein have we robbed thee? In TVER. 10.Bring ye all the Tythes into the ſtore-houſe, that there may be meat in mine houſe; and provVER. 11.And I will rebuke the devourer for your ſakes, &c.NOte we here, Obſerv.  by how many mean inVER. 13, 14, 15.Your words have been ſtout againſt me, ſaith the Lord: yet yee ſay, what have we ſpoVER. 16.Then they that feared the Lord, ſpake often one to another; and the Lord hearkned, and heardVER. 17.And, they ſhall be mine, ſaith the Lord of Hoſts, in that day, when I make up my Iewels; andVER. 18.Then ſhall ye return, and diſcern between the righteous, and the wicked: between him, that ſCHAP. 4. VER. 1, 2, 3.For, behold, the day commeth that ſhall burn as an oven, and all the proud, yeVER. 5, 6.Behold! I will ſend you Elijah the Prophet, before the coming of the great, and dreadful dCHAP. 4. VER. 1, 2, 3.For, behold, the day commeth that ſhall burn as an oven, and all the proud, yeCHAP. 1. VER. 1.The burden of the word of the Lord to Iſrael, by Malachy.FOr the Argument, it matterVER. 2, 3.I have loved you, ſaith the Lord, yet ye ſay wherein haſt thou loved us? was not Eſau JacoVER. 3, 4, 5.And I hated Eſau, and laid his Mountaines and his Heritage waſte, for the Dragons of thVER. 6,7.A Son honoureth his Father, and a Servant his Maſter: If then I be a Father, where is mine VER. 8.And if ye offer the blind for ſacrifice, is it not evill? and if ye offer the Lame, and Sick,Ver. 9.And now, I pray you, beſeech God, that he will be gracious unto us: this hath been by your me〈1 page duplicate〉〈1 page duplicate〉VER. 10.Who is there even among you, that would ſhut the doores,VER. 11.For, from the riſing of the Sun, even unto the going down of the ſame, my name ſhall be greaVER. 12.But, ye have profaned it, in that ye ſay; The Table of the Lord is polluted, and the fruit tVER. 13.Ye ſaid alſo, behold, what a wearineſs is is, and ye have ſnuffed at it, ſaith the Lord of HVER. 14.But, Curſed be the deceiver, which hath in his flock, a male, and voweth, and ſacrificeth unCHAP. 2. VER. 1, 2, &c.And now, O ye Prieſts, this Commandement is for you: If ye will not heare, anVER. 4, 5.And ye ſhall know that I have ſent this Commandement unto you, that my covenant might be i〈1 page duplicate〉〈1 page duplicate〉VER. 6.The Law of truth was in his mouth, and iniquity was not fVER. 7.For the Prieſts lips ſhould keep knowledge, and, they ſhould ſeek the Law at his mouth; for, VER. 8.But ye are departed out of the way: ye have cauſed many to ſtumble at the Law: ye have corrupVER. 9.Therefore, have I alſo made you contemptible, and baſe before all the people, according as yeVER. 10.Have we not all one Father? Hath not one God created us? Why do we deal treacherouſly every VER. 11, 12.Iudah hath dealt treacherouſly, and an abomination is committed in Iſrael, and IeruſalemVER. 13.And this have ye done again, concerning the altar of the Lord with teares, with weeping, andVER. 14.Yet ye ſay, wherefore? Becauſe the Lord hath been witneſs between thee, and the wife of thy VER. 15.And did not he make one? yet had he the reſidue of the Spirit: and wherefore one? that he miVER. 16.For the Lord, the God of Iſrael ſaith, that he hateth putting away: for, one covereth violenVER. 17.Ye have wearied the Lord with your words: yet ye ſay, wherein have we wearied him? when ye ſCHAP. 3. VER. 1.Behold, I will ſend my meſſenger, and he ſhall prepare the way before me; and the LoVER. 5. 6.And, I will come neer to you to judgment, and I will be a ſwift witneſs againſt the ſorcerVER. 6, 7.For, I am the Lord, I change not; therefore, yee ſons of Jacob are not conſumed: Even formVER. 8, 9.Will a man rob God? Yet ye have robbed mee: But, ye ſay, wherein have we robbed thee? In TVER. 10.Bring ye all the Tythes into the ſtore-houſe, that there may be meat in mine houſe; and provVER. 11.And I will rebuke the devourer for your ſakes, &c.NOte we here, Obſerv.  by how many mean inVER. 13, 14, 15.Your words have been ſtout againſt me, ſaith the Lord: yet yee ſay, what have we ſpoVER. 16.Then they that feared the Lord, ſpake often one to another; and the Lord hearkned, and heardVER. 17.And, they ſhall be mine, ſaith the Lord of Hoſts, in that day, when I make up my Iewels; andVER. 18.Then ſhall ye return, and diſcern between the righteous, and the wicked: between him, that ſCHAP. 4. VER. 1, 2, 3.For, behold, the day commeth that ſhall burn as an oven, and all the proud, yeVER. 5, 6.Behold! I will ſend you Elijah the Prophet, before the coming of the great, and dreadful d
    _ Places of Scripture explained in this Commentary.
CHAP. 1. VER. 1.The burden of the word of the Lord to Iſrael, by Malachy.FOr the Argument, it matterVER. 2, 3.I have loved you, ſaith the Lord, yet ye ſay wherein haſt thou loved us? was not Eſau JacoVER. 3, 4, 5.And I hated Eſau, and laid his Mountaines and his Heritage waſte, for the Dragons of thVER. 6,7.A Son honoureth his Father, and a Servant his Maſter: If then I be a Father, where is mine VER. 8.And if ye offer the blind for ſacrifice, is it not evill? and if ye offer the Lame, and Sick,Ver. 9.And now, I pray you, beſeech God, that he will be gracious unto us: this hath been by your me〈1 page duplicate〉〈1 page duplicate〉VER. 10.Who is there even among you, that would ſhut the doores,VER. 11.For, from the riſing of the Sun, even unto the going down of the ſame, my name ſhall be greaVER. 12.But, ye have profaned it, in that ye ſay; The Table of the Lord is polluted, and the fruit tVER. 13.Ye ſaid alſo, behold, what a wearineſs is is, and ye have ſnuffed at it, ſaith the Lord of HVER. 14.But, Curſed be the deceiver, which hath in his flock, a male, and voweth, and ſacrificeth unCHAP. 2. VER. 1, 2, &c.And now, O ye Prieſts, this Commandement is for you: If ye will not heare, anVER. 4, 5.And ye ſhall know that I have ſent this Commandement unto you, that my covenant might be i〈1 page duplicate〉〈1 page duplicate〉VER. 6.The Law of truth was in his mouth, and iniquity was not fVER. 7.For the Prieſts lips ſhould keep knowledge, and, they ſhould ſeek the Law at his mouth; for, VER. 8.But ye are departed out of the way: ye have cauſed many to ſtumble at the Law: ye have corrupVER. 9.Therefore, have I alſo made you contemptible, and baſe before all the people, according as yeVER. 10.Have we not all one Father? Hath not one God created us? Why do we deal treacherouſly every VER. 11, 12.Iudah hath dealt treacherouſly, and an abomination is committed in Iſrael, and IeruſalemVER. 13.And this have ye done again, concerning the altar of the Lord with teares, with weeping, andVER. 14.Yet ye ſay, wherefore? Becauſe the Lord hath been witneſs between thee, and the wife of thy VER. 15.And did not he make one? yet had he the reſidue of the Spirit: and wherefore one? that he miVER. 16.For the Lord, the God of Iſrael ſaith, that he hateth putting away: for, one covereth violenVER. 17.Ye have wearied the Lord with your words: yet ye ſay, wherein have we wearied him? when ye ſCHAP. 3. VER. 1.Behold, I will ſend my meſſenger, and he ſhall prepare the way before me; and the LoVER. 5. 6.And, I will come neer to you to judgment, and I will be a ſwift witneſs againſt the ſorcerVER. 6, 7.For, I am the Lord, I change not; therefore, yee ſons of Jacob are not conſumed: Even formVER. 8, 9.Will a man rob God? Yet ye have robbed mee: But, ye ſay, wherein have we robbed thee? In TVER. 10.Bring ye all the Tythes into the ſtore-houſe, that there may be meat in mine houſe; and provVER. 11.And I will rebuke the devourer for your ſakes, &c.NOte we here, Obſerv.  by how many mean inVER. 13, 14, 15.Your words have been ſtout againſt me, ſaith the Lord: yet yee ſay, what have we ſpoVER. 16.Then they that feared the Lord, ſpake often one to another; and the Lord hearkned, and heardVER. 17.And, they ſhall be mine, ſaith the Lord of Hoſts, in that day, when I make up my Iewels; andVER. 18.Then ſhall ye return, and diſcern between the righteous, and the wicked: between him, that ſCHAP. 4. VER. 1, 2, 3.For, behold, the day commeth that ſhall burn as an oven, and all the proud, yeVER. 5, 6.Behold! I will ſend you Elijah the Prophet, before the coming of the great, and dreadful d
1. An INDEX of the principal poynts, handled in this commentary.
CHAP. 1. VER. 1.The burden of the word of the Lord to Iſrael, by Malachy.FOr the Argument, it matterCHAP. 1. VER. 1.The burden of the word of the Lord to Iſrael, by Malachy.FOr the Argument, it matterVER. 2, 3.I have loved you, ſaith the Lord, yet ye ſay wherein haſt thou loved us? was not Eſau JacoVER. 3, 4, 5.And I hated Eſau, and laid his Mountaines and his Heritage waſte, for the Dragons of thVER. 6,7.A Son honoureth his Father, and a Servant his Maſter: If then I be a Father, where is mine VER. 8.And if ye offer the blind for ſacrifice, is it not evill? and if ye offer the Lame, and Sick,Ver. 9.And now, I pray you, beſeech God, that he will be gracious unto us: this hath been by your me〈1 page duplicate〉〈1 page duplicate〉VER. 10.Who is there even among you, that would ſhut the doores,VER. 11.For, from the riſing of the Sun, even unto the going down of the ſame, my name ſhall be greaVER. 12.But, ye have profaned it, in that ye ſay; The Table of the Lord is polluted, and the fruit tVER. 13.Ye ſaid alſo, behold, what a wearineſs is is, and ye have ſnuffed at it, ſaith the Lord of HVER. 14.But, Curſed be the deceiver, which hath in his flock, a male, and voweth, and ſacrificeth unCHAP. 2. VER. 1, 2, &c.And now, O ye Prieſts, this Commandement is for you: If ye will not heare, anVER. 4, 5.And ye ſhall know that I have ſent this Commandement unto you, that my covenant might be i〈1 page duplicate〉〈1 page duplicate〉VER. 6.The Law of truth was in his mouth, and iniquity was not fVER. 7.For the Prieſts lips ſhould keep knowledge, and, they ſhould ſeek the Law at his mouth; for, VER. 8.But ye are departed out of the way: ye have cauſed many to ſtumble at the Law: ye have corrupVER. 9.Therefore, have I alſo made you contemptible, and baſe before all the people, according as yeVER. 10.Have we not all one Father? Hath not one God created us? Why do we deal treacherouſly every VER. 11, 12.Iudah hath dealt treacherouſly, and an abomination is committed in Iſrael, and IeruſalemVER. 13.And this have ye done again, concerning the altar of the Lord with teares, with weeping, andVER. 14.Yet ye ſay, wherefore? Becauſe the Lord hath been witneſs between thee, and the wife of thy VER. 15.And did not he make one? yet had he the reſidue of the Spirit: and wherefore one? that he miVER. 16.For the Lord, the God of Iſrael ſaith, that he hateth putting away: for, one covereth violenVER. 17.Ye have wearied the Lord with your words: yet ye ſay, wherein have we wearied him? when ye ſCHAP. 3. VER. 1.Behold, I will ſend my meſſenger, and he ſhall prepare the way before me; and the LoVER. 5. 6.And, I will come neer to you to judgment, and I will be a ſwift witneſs againſt the ſorcerVER. 6, 7.For, I am the Lord, I change not; therefore, yee ſons of Jacob are not conſumed: Even formVER. 8, 9.Will a man rob God? Yet ye have robbed mee: But, ye ſay, wherein have we robbed thee? In TVER. 10.Bring ye all the Tythes into the ſtore-houſe, that there may be meat in mine houſe; and provVER. 11.And I will rebuke the devourer for your ſakes, &c.NOte we here, Obſerv.  by how many mean inVER. 13, 14, 15.Your words have been ſtout againſt me, ſaith the Lord: yet yee ſay, what have we ſpoVER. 16.Then they that feared the Lord, ſpake often one to another; and the Lord hearkned, and heardVER. 17.And, they ſhall be mine, ſaith the Lord of Hoſts, in that day, when I make up my Iewels; andVER. 18.Then ſhall ye return, and diſcern between the righteous, and the wicked: between him, that ſCHAP. 4. VER. 1, 2, 3.For, behold, the day commeth that ſhall burn as an oven, and all the proud, yeVER. 5, 6.Behold! I will ſend you Elijah the Prophet, before the coming of the great, and dreadful dCHAP. 2. VER. 1, 2, &c.And now, O ye Prieſts, this Commandement is for you: If ye will not heare, anCHAP. 1. VER. 1.The burden of the word of the Lord to Iſrael, by Malachy.FOr the Argument, it matterVER. 2, 3.I have loved you, ſaith the Lord, yet ye ſay wherein haſt thou loved us? was not Eſau JacoVER. 3, 4, 5.And I hated Eſau, and laid his Mountaines and his Heritage waſte, for the Dragons of thVER. 6,7.A Son honoureth his Father, and a Servant his Maſter: If then I be a Father, where is mine VER. 8.And if ye offer the blind for ſacrifice, is it not evill? and if ye offer the Lame, and Sick,Ver. 9.And now, I pray you, beſeech God, that he will be gracious unto us: this hath been by your me〈1 page duplicate〉〈1 page duplicate〉VER. 10.Who is there even among you, that would ſhut the doores,VER. 11.For, from the riſing of the Sun, even unto the going down of the ſame, my name ſhall be greaVER. 12.But, ye have profaned it, in that ye ſay; The Table of the Lord is polluted, and the fruit tVER. 13.Ye ſaid alſo, behold, what a wearineſs is is, and ye have ſnuffed at it, ſaith the Lord of HVER. 14.But, Curſed be the deceiver, which hath in his flock, a male, and voweth, and ſacrificeth unCHAP. 2. VER. 1, 2, &c.And now, O ye Prieſts, this Commandement is for you: If ye will not heare, anVER. 4, 5.And ye ſhall know that I have ſent this Commandement unto you, that my covenant might be i〈1 page duplicate〉〈1 page duplicate〉VER. 6.The Law of truth was in his mouth, and iniquity was not fVER. 7.For the Prieſts lips ſhould keep knowledge, and, they ſhould ſeek the Law at his mouth; for, VER. 8.But ye are departed out of the way: ye have cauſed many to ſtumble at the Law: ye have corrupVER. 9.Therefore, have I alſo made you contemptible, and baſe before all the people, according as yeVER. 10.Have we not all one Father? Hath not one God created us? Why do we deal treacherouſly every VER. 11, 12.Iudah hath dealt treacherouſly, and an abomination is committed in Iſrael, and IeruſalemVER. 13.And this have ye done again, concerning the altar of the Lord with teares, with weeping, andVER. 14.Yet ye ſay, wherefore? Becauſe the Lord hath been witneſs between thee, and the wife of thy VER. 15.And did not he make one? yet had he the reſidue of the Spirit: and wherefore one? that he miVER. 16.For the Lord, the God of Iſrael ſaith, that he hateth putting away: for, one covereth violenVER. 17.Ye have wearied the Lord with your words: yet ye ſay, wherein have we wearied him? when ye ſCHAP. 3. VER. 1.Behold, I will ſend my meſſenger, and he ſhall prepare the way before me; and the LoVER. 5. 6.And, I will come neer to you to judgment, and I will be a ſwift witneſs againſt the ſorcerVER. 6, 7.For, I am the Lord, I change not; therefore, yee ſons of Jacob are not conſumed: Even formVER. 8, 9.Will a man rob God? Yet ye have robbed mee: But, ye ſay, wherein have we robbed thee? In TVER. 10.Bring ye all the Tythes into the ſtore-houſe, that there may be meat in mine houſe; and provVER. 11.And I will rebuke the devourer for your ſakes, &c.NOte we here, Obſerv.  by how many mean inVER. 13, 14, 15.Your words have been ſtout againſt me, ſaith the Lord: yet yee ſay, what have we ſpoVER. 16.Then they that feared the Lord, ſpake often one to another; and the Lord hearkned, and heardVER. 17.And, they ſhall be mine, ſaith the Lord of Hoſts, in that day, when I make up my Iewels; andVER. 18.Then ſhall ye return, and diſcern between the righteous, and the wicked: between him, that ſCHAP. 4. VER. 1, 2, 3.For, behold, the day commeth that ſhall burn as an oven, and all the proud, yeVER. 5, 6.Behold! I will ſend you Elijah the Prophet, before the coming of the great, and dreadful dCHAP. 3. VER. 1.Behold, I will ſend my meſſenger, and he ſhall prepare the way before me; and the LoCHAP. 1. VER. 1.The burden of the word of the Lord to Iſrael, by Malachy.FOr the Argument, it matterVER. 2, 3.I have loved you, ſaith the Lord, yet ye ſay wherein haſt thou loved us? was not Eſau JacoVER. 3, 4, 5.And I hated Eſau, and laid his Mountaines and his Heritage waſte, for the Dragons of thVER. 6,7.A Son honoureth his Father, and a Servant his Maſter: If then I be a Father, where is mine VER. 8.And if ye offer the blind for ſacrifice, is it not evill? and if ye offer the Lame, and Sick,Ver. 9.And now, I pray you, beſeech God, that he will be gracious unto us: this hath been by your me〈1 page duplicate〉〈1 page duplicate〉VER. 10.Who is there even among you, that would ſhut the doores,VER. 11.For, from the riſing of the Sun, even unto the going down of the ſame, my name ſhall be greaVER. 12.But, ye have profaned it, in that ye ſay; The Table of the Lord is polluted, and the fruit tVER. 13.Ye ſaid alſo, behold, what a wearineſs is is, and ye have ſnuffed at it, ſaith the Lord of HVER. 14.But, Curſed be the deceiver, which hath in his flock, a male, and voweth, and ſacrificeth unCHAP. 2. VER. 1, 2, &c.And now, O ye Prieſts, this Commandement is for you: If ye will not heare, anVER. 4, 5.And ye ſhall know that I have ſent this Commandement unto you, that my covenant might be i〈1 page duplicate〉〈1 page duplicate〉VER. 6.The Law of truth was in his mouth, and iniquity was not fVER. 7.For the Prieſts lips ſhould keep knowledge, and, they ſhould ſeek the Law at his mouth; for, VER. 8.But ye are departed out of the way: ye have cauſed many to ſtumble at the Law: ye have corrupVER. 9.Therefore, have I alſo made you contemptible, and baſe before all the people, according as yeVER. 10.Have we not all one Father? Hath not one God created us? Why do we deal treacherouſly every VER. 11, 12.Iudah hath dealt treacherouſly, and an abomination is committed in Iſrael, and IeruſalemVER. 13.And this have ye done again, concerning the altar of the Lord with teares, with weeping, andVER. 14.Yet ye ſay, wherefore? Becauſe the Lord hath been witneſs between thee, and the wife of thy VER. 15.And did not he make one? yet had he the reſidue of the Spirit: and wherefore one? that he miVER. 16.For the Lord, the God of Iſrael ſaith, that he hateth putting away: for, one covereth violenVER. 17.Ye have wearied the Lord with your words: yet ye ſay, wherein have we wearied him? when ye ſCHAP. 3. VER. 1.Behold, I will ſend my meſſenger, and he ſhall prepare the way before me; and the LoVER. 5. 6.And, I will come neer to you to judgment, and I will be a ſwift witneſs againſt the ſorcerVER. 6, 7.For, I am the Lord, I change not; therefore, yee ſons of Jacob are not conſumed: Even formVER. 8, 9.Will a man rob God? Yet ye have robbed mee: But, ye ſay, wherein have we robbed thee? In TVER. 10.Bring ye all the Tythes into the ſtore-houſe, that there may be meat in mine houſe; and provVER. 11.And I will rebuke the devourer for your ſakes, &c.NOte we here, Obſerv.  by how many mean inVER. 13, 14, 15.Your words have been ſtout againſt me, ſaith the Lord: yet yee ſay, what have we ſpoVER. 16.Then they that feared the Lord, ſpake often one to another; and the Lord hearkned, and heardVER. 17.And, they ſhall be mine, ſaith the Lord of Hoſts, in that day, when I make up my Iewels; andVER. 18.Then ſhall ye return, and diſcern between the righteous, and the wicked: between him, that ſCHAP. 4. VER. 1, 2, 3.For, behold, the day commeth that ſhall burn as an oven, and all the proud, yeVER. 5, 6.Behold! I will ſend you Elijah the Prophet, before the coming of the great, and dreadful dCHAP. 4. VER. 1, 2, 3.For, behold, the day commeth that ſhall burn as an oven, and all the proud, yeCHAP. 1. VER. 1.The burden of the word of the Lord to Iſrael, by Malachy.FOr the Argument, it matterVER. 2, 3.I have loved you, ſaith the Lord, yet ye ſay wherein haſt thou loved us? was not Eſau JacoVER. 3, 4, 5.And I hated Eſau, and laid his Mountaines and his Heritage waſte, for the Dragons of thVER. 6,7.A Son honoureth his Father, and a Servant his Maſter: If then I be a Father, where is mine VER. 8.And if ye offer the blind for ſacrifice, is it not evill? and if ye offer the Lame, and Sick,Ver. 9.And now, I pray you, beſeech God, that he will be gracious unto us: this hath been by your me〈1 page duplicate〉〈1 page duplicate〉VER. 10.Who is there even among you, that would ſhut the doores,VER. 11.For, from the riſing of the Sun, even unto the going down of the ſame, my name ſhall be greaVER. 12.But, ye have profaned it, in that ye ſay; The Table of the Lord is polluted, and the fruit tVER. 13.Ye ſaid alſo, behold, what a wearineſs is is, and ye have ſnuffed at it, ſaith the Lord of HVER. 14.But, Curſed be the deceiver, which hath in his flock, a male, and voweth, and ſacrificeth unCHAP. 2. VER. 1, 2, &c.And now, O ye Prieſts, this Commandement is for you: If ye will not heare, anVER. 4, 5.And ye ſhall know that I have ſent this Commandement unto you, that my covenant might be i〈1 page duplicate〉〈1 page duplicate〉VER. 6.The Law of truth was in his mouth, and iniquity was not fVER. 7.For the Prieſts lips ſhould keep knowledge, and, they ſhould ſeek the Law at his mouth; for, VER. 8.But ye are departed out of the way: ye have cauſed many to ſtumble at the Law: ye have corrupVER. 9.Therefore, have I alſo made you contemptible, and baſe before all the people, according as yeVER. 10.Have we not all one Father? Hath not one God created us? Why do we deal treacherouſly every VER. 11, 12.Iudah hath dealt treacherouſly, and an abomination is committed in Iſrael, and IeruſalemVER. 13.And this have ye done again, concerning the altar of the Lord with teares, with weeping, andVER. 14.Yet ye ſay, wherefore? Becauſe the Lord hath been witneſs between thee, and the wife of thy VER. 15.And did not he make one? yet had he the reſidue of the Spirit: and wherefore one? that he miVER. 16.For the Lord, the God of Iſrael ſaith, that he hateth putting away: for, one covereth violenVER. 17.Ye have wearied the Lord with your words: yet ye ſay, wherein have we wearied him? when ye ſCHAP. 3. VER. 1.Behold, I will ſend my meſſenger, and he ſhall prepare the way before me; and the LoVER. 5. 6.And, I will come neer to you to judgment, and I will be a ſwift witneſs againſt the ſorcerVER. 6, 7.For, I am the Lord, I change not; therefore, yee ſons of Jacob are not conſumed: Even formVER. 8, 9.Will a man rob God? Yet ye have robbed mee: But, ye ſay, wherein have we robbed thee? In TVER. 10.Bring ye all the Tythes into the ſtore-houſe, that there may be meat in mine houſe; and provVER. 11.And I will rebuke the devourer for your ſakes, &c.NOte we here, Obſerv.  by how many mean inVER. 13, 14, 15.Your words have been ſtout againſt me, ſaith the Lord: yet yee ſay, what have we ſpoVER. 16.Then they that feared the Lord, ſpake often one to another; and the Lord hearkned, and heardVER. 17.And, they ſhall be mine, ſaith the Lord of Hoſts, in that day, when I make up my Iewels; andVER. 18.Then ſhall ye return, and diſcern between the righteous, and the wicked: between him, that ſCHAP. 4. VER. 1, 2, 3.For, behold, the day commeth that ſhall burn as an oven, and all the proud, yeVER. 5, 6.Behold! I will ſend you Elijah the Prophet, before the coming of the great, and dreadful d
    _ Places of Scripture explained in this Commentary.
CHAP. 1. VER. 1.The burden of the word of the Lord to Iſrael, by Malachy.FOr the Argument, it matterVER. 2, 3.I have loved you, ſaith the Lord, yet ye ſay wherein haſt thou loved us? was not Eſau JacoVER. 3, 4, 5.And I hated Eſau, and laid his Mountaines and his Heritage waſte, for the Dragons of thVER. 6,7.A Son honoureth his Father, and a Servant his Maſter: If then I be a Father, where is mine VER. 8.And if ye offer the blind for ſacrifice, is it not evill? and if ye offer the Lame, and Sick,Ver. 9.And now, I pray you, beſeech God, that he will be gracious unto us: this hath been by your me〈1 page duplicate〉〈1 page duplicate〉VER. 10.Who is there even among you, that would ſhut the doores,VER. 11.For, from the riſing of the Sun, even unto the going down of the ſame, my name ſhall be greaVER. 12.But, ye have profaned it, in that ye ſay; The Table of the Lord is polluted, and the fruit tVER. 13.Ye ſaid alſo, behold, what a wearineſs is is, and ye have ſnuffed at it, ſaith the Lord of HVER. 14.But, Curſed be the deceiver, which hath in his flock, a male, and voweth, and ſacrificeth unCHAP. 2. VER. 1, 2, &c.And now, O ye Prieſts, this Commandement is for you: If ye will not heare, anVER. 4, 5.And ye ſhall know that I have ſent this Commandement unto you, that my covenant might be i〈1 page duplicate〉〈1 page duplicate〉VER. 6.The Law of truth was in his mouth, and iniquity was not fVER. 7.For the Prieſts lips ſhould keep knowledge, and, they ſhould ſeek the Law at his mouth; for, VER. 8.But ye are departed out of the way: ye have cauſed many to ſtumble at the Law: ye have corrupVER. 9.Therefore, have I alſo made you contemptible, and baſe before all the people, according as yeVER. 10.Have we not all one Father? Hath not one God created us? Why do we deal treacherouſly every VER. 11, 12.Iudah hath dealt treacherouſly, and an abomination is committed in Iſrael, and IeruſalemVER. 13.And this have ye done again, concerning the altar of the Lord with teares, with weeping, andVER. 14.Yet ye ſay, wherefore? Becauſe the Lord hath been witneſs between thee, and the wife of thy VER. 15.And did not he make one? yet had he the reſidue of the Spirit: and wherefore one? that he miVER. 16.For the Lord, the God of Iſrael ſaith, that he hateth putting away: for, one covereth violenVER. 17.Ye have wearied the Lord with your words: yet ye ſay, wherein have we wearied him? when ye ſCHAP. 3. VER. 1.Behold, I will ſend my meſſenger, and he ſhall prepare the way before me; and the LoVER. 5. 6.And, I will come neer to you to judgment, and I will be a ſwift witneſs againſt the ſorcerVER. 6, 7.For, I am the Lord, I change not; therefore, yee ſons of Jacob are not conſumed: Even formVER. 8, 9.Will a man rob God? Yet ye have robbed mee: But, ye ſay, wherein have we robbed thee? In TVER. 10.Bring ye all the Tythes into the ſtore-houſe, that there may be meat in mine houſe; and provVER. 11.And I will rebuke the devourer for your ſakes, &c.NOte we here, Obſerv.  by how many mean inVER. 13, 14, 15.Your words have been ſtout againſt me, ſaith the Lord: yet yee ſay, what have we ſpoVER. 16.Then they that feared the Lord, ſpake often one to another; and the Lord hearkned, and heardVER. 17.And, they ſhall be mine, ſaith the Lord of Hoſts, in that day, when I make up my Iewels; andVER. 18.Then ſhall ye return, and diſcern between the righteous, and the wicked: between him, that ſCHAP. 4. VER. 1, 2, 3.For, behold, the day commeth that ſhall burn as an oven, and all the proud, yeVER. 5, 6.Behold! I will ſend you Elijah the Prophet, before the coming of the great, and dreadful d
**Types of content**

  * Oh, Mr. Jourdain, there is **prose** in there!

There are 72 **omitted** fragments! 
 @__reason__ (72) : foreign (30), illegible (30), duplicate (12)  •  @__resp__ (30) : #UOM (30)  •  @__extent__ (42) : 1 letter (25), 1 page (12), 2 words (1), 1 word (1), 2 letters (2), 3 letters (1)

**Character listing**


|Text|string(s)|codepoint(s)|
|---|---|---|
|Latin-1 Supplement|òàâèôùúé|242 224 226 232 244 249 250 233|
|Latin Extended-A|ſ|383|
|Latin Extended-B|Ʋ|434|
|Combining             Diacritical Marks|̄|772|
|General Punctuation|•—|8226 8212|
|Geometric Shapes|▪◊|9642 9674|
|CJKSymbolsandPunctuation|〈〉|12296 12297|

##Tag Usage Summary##

###Header Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__author__|2||
|2.|__availability__|1||
|3.|__biblFull__|1||
|4.|__change__|5||
|5.|__date__|8| @__when__ (1) : 2012-10 (1)|
|6.|__edition__|1||
|7.|__editionStmt__|1||
|8.|__editorialDecl__|1||
|9.|__encodingDesc__|1||
|10.|__extent__|2||
|11.|__fileDesc__|1||
|12.|__idno__|6| @__type__ (6) : DLPS (1), STC (2), EEBO-CITATION (1), OCLC (1), VID (1)|
|13.|__keywords__|1| @__scheme__ (1) : http://authorities.loc.gov/ (1)|
|14.|__label__|5||
|15.|__langUsage__|1||
|16.|__language__|1| @__ident__ (1) : eng (1)|
|17.|__listPrefixDef__|1||
|18.|__note__|7||
|19.|__notesStmt__|2||
|20.|__p__|11||
|21.|__prefixDef__|2| @__ident__ (2) : tcp (1), char (1)  •  @__matchPattern__ (2) : ([0-9\-]+):([0-9IVX]+) (1), (.+) (1)  •  @__replacementPattern__ (2) : http://eebo.chadwyck.com/downloadtiff?vid=$1&page=$2 (1), https://raw.githubusercontent.com/textcreationpartnership/Texts/master/tcpchars.xml#$1 (1)|
|22.|__profileDesc__|1||
|23.|__projectDesc__|1||
|24.|__pubPlace__|2||
|25.|__publicationStmt__|2||
|26.|__publisher__|2||
|27.|__ref__|1| @__target__ (1) : http://www.textcreationpartnership.org/docs/. (1)|
|28.|__revisionDesc__|1||
|29.|__seriesStmt__|1||
|30.|__sourceDesc__|1||
|31.|__term__|2||
|32.|__textClass__|1||
|33.|__title__|3||
|34.|__titleStmt__|2||


###Text Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__am__|1||
|2.|__bibl__|36||
|3.|__body__|1||
|4.|__closer__|3||
|5.|__date__|2||
|6.|__dateline__|2||
|7.|__desc__|72||
|8.|__div__|49| @__type__ (49) : title_page (1), dedication (1), to_the_reader (1), imprimatur (1), publishers_note (1), errata (1), text (1), chapter (4), exposition_of_verse (36), index (1), Scripture_index (1)  •  @__n__ (40) : 1 (3), 2, 3 (1), 3-5 (1), 6, 7 (2), 8 (2), 9 (2), 10 (3), 11 (2), 12 (1), 13 (2), 14 (2), 2 (1), 1, 2 (1), 4, 5 (1), 6 (1), 7 (1), 11, 12 (1), 15 (1), 16 (2), 17 (2), 3 (1), 5, 6 (2), 8, 9 (1), 13-15 (1), 18 (1), 4 (1), 1-3 (1)|
|9.|__epigraph__|36||
|10.|__ex__|1||
|11.|__expan__|1||
|12.|__front__|1||
|13.|__g__|1347| @__ref__ (1347) : char:EOLhyphen (1315), char:abque (1), char:EOLunhyphen (1), char:punc (25), char:cmbAbbrStroke (1), char:V (4)|
|14.|__gap__|72| @__reason__ (72) : foreign (30), illegible (30), duplicate (12)  •  @__resp__ (30) : #UOM (30)  •  @__extent__ (42) : 1 letter (25), 1 page (12), 2 words (1), 1 word (1), 2 letters (2), 3 letters (1)|
|15.|__head__|26||
|16.|__hi__|2648| @__rend__ (1) : sup (1)|
|17.|__item__|232||
|18.|__label__|249| @__type__ (249) : milestone (249)|
|19.|__list__|30||
|20.|__milestone__|4| @__type__ (4) : tcpmilestone (4)  •  @__unit__ (4) : unspecified (4)  •  @__n__ (4) : 2 (1), 3 (1), 4 (1), 5 (1)|
|21.|__note__|179| @__n__ (149) : * (26), a (7), b (6), c (7), e (6), d (6), f (8), g (6), h (6), i (5), l (6), k (6), m (6), n (6), o (5), p (4), q (4), r (4), ſ (5), t (3), u (5), x (4), y (4), z (3), w (1)  •  @__place__ (179) : margin (179)|
|22.|__opener__|1||
|23.|__p__|890| @__n__ (26) : 1 (6), 2 (8), 3 (9), 4 (2), 5 (1)|
|24.|__pb__|246| @__facs__ (246) : tcp:96820:1 (2), tcp:96820:2 (2), tcp:96820:3 (2), tcp:96820:4 (2), tcp:96820:5 (2), tcp:96820:6 (2), tcp:96820:7 (2), tcp:96820:8 (2), tcp:96820:9 (2), tcp:96820:10 (2), tcp:96820:11 (2), tcp:96820:12 (2), tcp:96820:13 (2), tcp:96820:14 (2), tcp:96820:15 (2), tcp:96820:16 (2), tcp:96820:17 (2), tcp:96820:18 (2), tcp:96820:19 (2), tcp:96820:20 (2), tcp:96820:21 (2), tcp:96820:22 (2), tcp:96820:23 (2), tcp:96820:24 (2), tcp:96820:25 (2), tcp:96820:26 (2), tcp:96820:27 (2), tcp:96820:28 (2), tcp:96820:29 (2), tcp:96820:30 (2), tcp:96820:31 (2), tcp:96820:32 (2), tcp:96820:33 (2), tcp:96820:34 (2), tcp:96820:35 (2), tcp:96820:36 (2), tcp:96820:37 (2), tcp:96820:38 (2), tcp:96820:39 (2), tcp:96820:40 (2), tcp:96820:41 (2), tcp:96820:42 (2), tcp:96820:43 (2), tcp:96820:44 (2), tcp:96820:45 (2), tcp:96820:46 (2), tcp:96820:47 (2), tcp:96820:48 (2), tcp:96820:49 (2), tcp:96820:50 (2), tcp:96820:51 (2), tcp:96820:52 (2), tcp:96820:53 (2), tcp:96820:54 (2), tcp:96820:55 (2), tcp:96820:56 (2), tcp:96820:57 (2), tcp:96820:58 (2), tcp:96820:59 (2), tcp:96820:60 (2), tcp:96820:61 (2), tcp:96820:62 (2), tcp:96820:63 (2), tcp:96820:64 (2), tcp:96820:65 (2), tcp:96820:66 (2), tcp:96820:67 (2), tcp:96820:68 (2), tcp:96820:69 (2), tcp:96820:70 (2), tcp:96820:71 (2), tcp:96820:72 (2), tcp:96820:73 (2), tcp:96820:74 (2), tcp:96820:75 (2), tcp:96820:76 (2), tcp:96820:77 (2), tcp:96820:78 (2), tcp:96820:79 (2), tcp:96820:80 (2), tcp:96820:81 (2), tcp:96820:82 (2), tcp:96820:83 (2), tcp:96820:84 (2), tcp:96820:85 (2), tcp:96820:86 (2), tcp:96820:87 (2), tcp:96820:88 (2), tcp:96820:89 (2), tcp:96820:90 (2), tcp:96820:91 (2), tcp:96820:92 (2), tcp:96820:93 (2), tcp:96820:94 (2), tcp:96820:95 (2), tcp:96820:96 (2), tcp:96820:97 (2), tcp:96820:98 (2), tcp:96820:99 (2), tcp:96820:100 (2), tcp:96820:101 (2), tcp:96820:102 (2), tcp:96820:103 (2), tcp:96820:104 (2), tcp:96820:105 (2), tcp:96820:106 (2), tcp:96820:107 (2), tcp:96820:108 (2), tcp:96820:109 (2), tcp:96820:110 (2), tcp:96820:111 (2), tcp:96820:112 (2), tcp:96820:113 (2), tcp:96820:114 (2), tcp:96820:115 (2), tcp:96820:116 (2), tcp:96820:117 (2), tcp:96820:118 (2), tcp:96820:119 (2), tcp:96820:120 (2), tcp:96820:121 (2), tcp:96820:122 (2), tcp:96820:123 (2)  •  @__rendition__ (2) : simple:additions (2)  •  @__n__ (213) : 1 (1), 2 (1), 3 (1), 4 (1), 5 (1), 6 (1), 7 (1), 8 (1), 9 (1), 10 (1), 11 (1), 12 (1), 13 (1), 14 (2), 15 (2), 16 (1), 17 (1), 18 (1), 19 (1), 20 (1), 21 (1), 22 (1), 23 (1), 24 (1), 25 (1), 26 (1), 27 (1), 28 (1), 29 (1), 30 (1), 31 (1), 32 (2), 33 (2), 34 (1), 35 (1), 36 (1), 37 (1), 38 (1), 39 (1), 40 (1), 41 (1), 42 (1), 43 (1), 44 (1), 45 (1), 46 (1), 47 (1), 48 (1), 49 (1), 50 (1), 51 (1), 52 (1), 53 (1), 54 (1), 55 (1), 56 (1), 57 (1), 58 (1), 59 (1), 60 (1), 61 (1), 62 (1), 63 (1), 64 (2), 65 (2), 66 (1), 67 (1), 68 (1), 69 (1), 70 (2), 71 (2), 72 (1), 73 (1), 74 (1), 75 (1), 76 (1), 77 (1), 78 (1), 79 (1), 80 (1), 81 (1), 82 (1), 83 (1), 84 (1), 85 (1), 86 (1), 87 (1), 88 (1), 89 (1), 90 (1), 91 (1), 92 (1), 93 (1), 94 (1), 95 (1), 96 (1), 97 (1), 98 (1), 99 (1), 100 (3), 101 (1), 102 (1), 103 (1), 104 (1), 105 (1), 106 (1), 107 (1), 108 (1), 109 (1), 111 (2), 112 (1), 113 (1), 114 (1), 115 (1), 116 (1), 117 (1), 118 (1), 119 (1), 120 (1), 121 (1), 122 (1), 123 (1), 124 (1), 125 (1), 126 (1), 127 (1), 128 (1), 129 (1), 130 (1), 131 (1), 132 (1), 133 (1), 134 (1), 135 (1), 136 (1), 137 (1), 138 (1), 139 (1), 140 (1), 141 (1), 142 (1), 143 (1), 144 (1), 145 (1), 146 (1), 147 (1), 148 (1), 149 (1), 200 (2), 201 (2), 152 (1), 153 (1), 154 (1), 155 (1), 156 (1), 157 (1), 158 (1), 159 (1), 160 (1), 161 (1), 162 (1), 163 (1), 164 (1), 165 (1), 166 (1), 167 (1), 168 (1), 169 (1), 170 (1), 171 (1), 172 (1), 173 (1), 174 (1), 175 (1), 176 (1), 177 (1), 178 (1), 179 (1), 180 (1), 181 (1), 182 (1), 183 (1), 384 (1), 185 (1), 186 (1), 187 (1), 188 (1), 189 (1), 190 (1), 191 (1), 192 (1), 193 (1), 194 (1), 195 (1), 196 (1), 197 (1), 198 (1), 199 (1), 202 (1), 203 (1)|
|25.|__q__|39||
|26.|__salute__|1||
|27.|__seg__|255| @__rend__ (6) : decorInit (6)  •  @__type__ (249) : milestoneunit (249)|
|28.|__signed__|3||
|29.|__trailer__|1||
